Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Results of Operations General In this Annual Report, references to “our,” “we,” “us,” 
“BNY Mellon,” the “Company” and similar terms 
refer to The Bank of New York Mellon Corporation 
and its consolidated subsidiaries. The term “Parent” 
refers to The Bank of New York Mellon Corporation 

but not its subsidiaries. 
BNY Mellon’s actual results of future operations may 
differ from those estimated or anticipated in certain 
forward-looking statements contained herein for 

reasons which are discussed below and under the 

heading “Forward-looking Statements.” When used in 

this Annual Report, words such as “estimate,” 

“forecast,” “project,” “anticipate,” “confident,” 

“target,” “expect,” “intend,” “continue,” “seek,” 

“believe,” “plan,” “goal,” “could,” “should,” “may,” 

“will,” “strategy,” “synergies,” “opportunities,” 

“trends,” and words of similar meaning, signify 
forward-looking statements in addition to statements 
specifically identified as forward-looking statements. 
Certain business terms used in this document are 
defined in the Glossary. 
The following should be read in conjunction with the 
Consolidated Financial Statements included in this 
Annual Report. Investors should also read the section 
titled “Forward-looking Statements.” 
How we reported results 

All information for 2012 and 2011 in this Annual 
Report is reported on a net income basis. All 

information for 2010 in this Annual Report is reported 

on a continuing operations basis, unless otherwise 

noted. For a description of discontinued operations, 
see Note 4 in the Notes to Consolidated Financial 
Statements. Throughout this Annual Report, measures, which are 
noted as “Non-GAAP financial measures,” exclude 
certain items. BNY Mellon believes that these 
measures are useful to investors because they permit a 
focus on period-to-period comparisons using 
measures that relate to our ability to enhance revenues 
and limit expenses in circumstances where such 

matters are within our control. We also present the net 

interest margin on a fully taxable equivalent (“FTE”) 

basis. We believe that this presentation allows for 

comparison of amounts arising from both taxable and 

tax-exempt sources and is consistent with industry 
practice. Certain immaterial reclassifications have 
been made to prior periods to place them on a basis 
comparable with the current period presentation. See 

“Supplemental information – Explanation of Non-

GAAP financial measures” beginning on page 106 for 

a reconciliation of financial measures presented in 

accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting 

principles (“GAAP”) to adjusted Non-GAAP financial 

measures. Reporting of assets under custody and/or 
administration In connection with context we provide in 
Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial 
Condition and Results of Operations (“MD&A”) for 
our Investment Servicing business, we disclose assets 

under custody (“AUC”) combined with assets under 

administration (“AUA”, and together, “AUC/A”). In 

January 2013, during a review of our processes and 

procedures for reporting AUC/A, we discovered that 

the extraction and collection of these metrics had 

certain flaws that resulted in the reporting of incorrect 

amounts. The data extraction process that resulted in 

these reporting errors is used exclusively for reporting 
AUC/A and is unrelated to and, therefore, had no 
impact on client accounts, assets and statements. Our 
subsequent review (our “Review”) showed that data 
was extracted in a manner that caused (i) a double-
counting of certain categories of primarily AUC, 
(ii) an under-counting and certain misclassifications of 
AUA, and (iii) the use of the original principal 
balance rather than the amortized principal balance of 

certain fixed income securities. AUC, AUA and 

AUC/A typically are contained in certain bank 

regulatory filings, SEC filings and other materials. 
Our AUC/A for Dec. 31, 2012, as reported in this 
Annual Report, and as a result of our Review, is $26.2 

trillion, $0.5 trillion less than the $26.7 trillion that 

was reported in our earnings release for the fourth 

quarter of 2012 on a preliminary basis. The decrease 

from the preliminary AUC/A reported in our earnings 

release reflects the reduction of $0.5 trillion of 

double-counted AUC/A (in addition to the $1.3 

trillion doubled-counted AUC/A that was reflected 
preliminarily in our earnings release disclosure), the 
addition of $0.7 trillion of under-counted AUA, and 
the reduction of $0.7 trillion due to principal 
extraction errors described above. The adjustments to 
AUC/A resulted in a year-over-year growth rate of 4% 
versus a previously reported year-over-year 
preliminary growth rate of 9% in our earnings release 

for the fourth quarter of 2012. AUC/A included in this 
BNY Mellon 4